1) How you tested the design via simulation
We have a screenshot of one of our testbenches in the 'screenshot' directory
called 'avalon_mm_waves.png'. We tested the design using a set of 3 
different testbenches that printed out the results of the memory retrieval,
the matrix multiplication, and the combination of the memory retrieval and 
matrix multiplication. Results were checked visually.

2) How you fixed the design to meet timing constraints
We fixed the design to meet timing contraints by pipelining our MAC.
We identified this critical path, by using the 'Timing Analyzer' tool 
built into Quartus. This showed the longest path ran from the output of 
our fifo to the flop containing the output of our mac. By adding a pipeline 
between the adder and multiplication, we were able to remove the negative 
slack and increase the Fmax to 223Mhz.

3) How you tested the design on board using an example and screenshot of the 
board that shows it
We tested the design on board by mapping the output of the matrix multiplication 
to the 7 segment displays. We used SW0 as a display enable for the segments and 
SW[3:1] as a binary index into the output vector. After examining the ROM 
initialization file, and computing the matrix multiplication by hand, we cross
checked the expected output with the calculated.

4) How you tested the design using SignalTap (screenshot of the waveform around
the trigger condition)
We tested the avalon memory mapped interface by viewing the associated signal
(read, address, readdata, etc.) in SignalTap by creating a trigger event on the 
rising edge of read. This signal marks that start of a read operation so to ensure 
proper functionality, we used that signal as our trigger and then cross checked 
our functionality with that defined in the Interface Specification.

5) Explain any difficulties that you faced during the process and how you 
overcame it
The biggest difficulty faced during this lab had to do with simulating 
our modules. We had several different testbenches, so the most difficult and
time consuming part was validating our modules using these testbenches.